Adding documentation about handling cron for PR environments (#340)
danskernesdigitalebibliotek/dpl-cms: docs/lagoon-environments.md

   ```sh
   lagoon config default --lagoon [instance name]
   ```

### Using cron in pull request environments

The `.lagoon.yml` has an environments section where it is possible to control various settings.

> On root level you specify the environment you want to address (eg.: `main`). And on the sub level of that you can define the cron settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On root level you specify the environment you want to address (eg.: `main`). [On the sub level of that you can define the cron settings](https://docs.lagoon.sh/using-lagoon-the-basics/lagoon-yml/#environmentsnamecronjobs).
```

Having the key info first hand is good. Adding a reference to the documentation of cron jobs for bonus points.
